fix: split staking reserve acc by staking denom (#229)
tendermint/farming: x/farming/spec/01_concepts.md

- The account address of the plan creator account is used as the `TerminationAddress`. 
- To prevent spamming attacks, the `PlanCreationFee` fee must be paid on plan creation. 

> - Internally, The Private Plan Farming Pool Address is derived according to rule `address.Module(ModuleName, []byte("PrivatePlan|{planId}|{planName}"))` and assigned to the plan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internally, the private plan's farming pool address is derived from the following derivation rule of `address.Module(ModuleName, []byte("PrivatePlan|{planId}|{planName}"))` and it is assigned to the plan. 
```
